Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge intelligence . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2416 ; Title 5 , Section 302 ! This is not a get rich 
scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 43 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines plus people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 
200% & decrease perceived waiting time by 150% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson who resides in Rhode Island 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states ! If 
not for you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Friend 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our publication ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2616 , Title 6 ; Section 309 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 69 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines and nobody is 
getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & increase customer response by 
160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us . Ms Simpson who resides in Wisconsin 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! We 
implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Cheers . Dear Salaryman , Especially 
for you - this red-hot announcement . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1623 , Title 5 ; Section 306 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 50 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you use credit cards on your website & deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mrs Anderson who resides in Tennessee tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! This 
offer is 100% legal . Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must hurry ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Cheers . Dear Business person 
; We know you are interested in receiving red-hot announcement 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 4 
; Section 302 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 54 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you process your orders within seconds 
& process your orders within seconds ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson of Ohio 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . If not 
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! God Bless 
! Dear Salaryman , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter . 
If you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 8 ; Section 304 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 72 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mr Ames of Georgia tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Thanks ! 